[ Man Narrating ] WHO AM I?
YOU SURE YOU WANT TO KNOW?
THE STORY OF MY LIFE IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART.
IF SOMEBODY SAID IT WAS A HAPPY LITTLE TALE.
IF SOMEBODY TOLD YOU I WAS JUST YOUR AVERAGE. ORDINARY GUY.
NOT A CARE IN THE WORLD.
SOMEBODY LIED.
BUT LET ME ASSURE YOU.
THIS. LIKE ANY STORY WORTH TELLING. IS ALL ABOUT A GIRL.
[ Girls Giggling ] THAT GIRL. THE GIRL NEXT DOOR.
MARY JANE WATSON.
THE WOMAN I'VE LOVED SINCE BEFORE I EVEN LIKED GIRLS.
I'D LIKE TO TELL YOU THAT'S ME NEXT TO HER.
HECK. I'D EVEN TAKE HIM.
[ Pounding ] [ Laughing ]
HEY! STOP THE BUS!
[ Man Narrating ] THAT'S ME. HEY!
TELL HIM TO STOP! PLEASE!
STOP! HEY! STOP THE BUS!
STOP THE BUS! HE'S BEEN CHASING US SINCE WOODHAVEN BOULEVARD.
[ Students Groaning. Chattering ]
THANK YOU. I'M SORRY I'M LATE.
[ Students Laughing. Chattering Continues ]
DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT.
[ Boy ] YOU'RE SO LAME. PARKER.
MM-MMM.
-OOPS! -[ Gasps ]
[ Students Laughing. Applauding ]
MIDTOWN HIGH SENIORS. NO WANDERING.
PROCEED DIREC-- KNOCK IT OFF.
REMEMBER. IT IS A PRIVILEGE TO BE HERE.
WE ARE GUESTS OF COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY'S SCIENCE DEPARTMENT.
SO BEHAVE ACCORDINGLY.
LET'S NOT HAVE A REPEAT OF OUR TRIP TO THE PLANETARIUM.
COME ON. PEOPLE. LET'S STAY TOGETHER.
PROCEED UP THE STEPS AND INTO THE BUILDING. [ Girl ] M.J.!
[ Laughing. Chattering ]
CHARLES. CAN WE DRIVE AROUND THE CORNER. PLEASE?
WHY? THE ENTRANCE IS RIGHT THERE.
DAD. THESE ARE PUBLIC SCHOOL KIDS.
I'M NOT SHOWING UP FOR THE FIELD TRIP IN THE ROLLS.
WHAT. YOU WANT ME TO TRADE IN MY CAR FOR A JETTA...
BECAUSE YOU FLUNKED OUT OF EVERY PRIVATE SCHOOL I EVER SENT YOU TO?
-IT WASN'T FOR ME. -OF COURSE IT WAS.
-DON'T EVER BE ASHAMED OF WHO YOU ARE. -I'M NOT ASHAMED OF WHO I AM.
-IT'S JUST-- -JUST WHAT. HARRY?
FORGET IT.
PETE.
HIYA. HARRY.
HEY. MAN. WHAT'S UP? HARRY!
WON'T YOU BE NEEDING THIS? THANKS. DAD.
UH. PETER. MAY I INTRODUCE MY FATHER. NORMAN OSBORN.
I'VE HEARD SO MUCH ABOUT YOU.
A GREAT HONOR TO MEET YOU. SIR.
HARRY TELLS ME YOU'RE QUITE THE SCIENCE WHIZ.
YOU KNOW. I'M SOMETHING OF A SCIENTIST MYSELF.
I READ ALL YOUR RESEARCH ON NANOTECHNOLOGY.
REALLY BRILLIANT. AND YOU UNDERSTOOD IT?
YES. I WROTE A PAPER ON IT.
IMPRESSIVE. YOUR PARENTS MUST BE VERY PROUD.
I LIVE WITH MY AUNT AND UNCLE. THEY ARE PROUD. [ Teacher ] HEY. YOU TWO!
LET'S MOVE! NICE TO MEET YOU.
HOPE TO SEE YOU AGAIN. YEAH.
HE DOESN'T SEEM SO BAD.
YEAH. NOT IF YOU'RE A GENIUS.
I THINK HE WANTS TO ADOPT YOU. [ Chuckles ]
THERE ARE OVER 32.000 KNOWN SPECIES OF SPIDER IN THE WORLD.
THEY'RE IN THE ORDER ARANAE.
WOW. THAT'S AMAZING. WHICH IS DIVIDED INTO THREE SUBGROUPS.
[ Peter ] THIS IS THE MOST ADVANCED ELECTRON MICROSCOPE ON THE EASTERN SEABOARD.
- IT'S UNREAL. -WOW.
- [ Tour Guide ] ARACHNIDS FROM ALL THREE GROUPS... -AW. COME ON.
POSSESS VARYING STRENGTHS WHICH HELP THEM IN THEIR CONSTANT SEARCH FOR FOOD.
FOR EXAMPLE. THE DELENA SPIDER. FAMILY SPARASSIDAE.
HAS THE ABILITY TO JUMP TO CATCH ITS PREY.
-FOR THE SCHOOL PAPER? -MM-HMM.
[ Shutter Clicks ]
NEXT WE HAVE THE NET WEB SPIDER.
FAMILY FILISTATIDAE. GENUS KUKULCANIA.
[ Snickering ]
IT SPINS AN INTRICATE. FUNNEL-SHAPED WEB...
WHOSE STRANDS HAVE A TENSILE STRENGTH PROPORTIONATELY EQUAL TO
THE TYPE OF HIGH-TENSION WIRE USED IN BRIDGE BUILDING. [ Chuckles ]
-LEAVE HIM ALONE. -OR WHAT?
OR HIS FATHER WILL FIRE YOUR FATHER.
WHAT'S DADDY GONNA DO. SUE ME?
WHAT IS GOING ON?
THE NEXT PERSON WHO TALKS WILL FAIL THIS COURSE. I KID YOU NOT.
[ Tour Guide ] THIS GRASS SPIDER... LET'S GO.
HUNTS USING A SET OF REFLEXES
WITH NERVE CONDUCTION VELOCITY SO FAST...
THAT SOME RESEARCHERS BELIEVE IT ALMOST BORDERS ON PRECOGNITION.
[ Whispers ] THOSE GUYS ARE JERKS. AN EARLY AWARENESS OF DANGER.
A SPIDER SENSE.
HEY. LOOK AT THAT SPIDER.
SOME SPIDERS CHANGE COLORS TO BLEND INTO THEIR ENVIRONMENT.
[ Tour Guide Continues. Indistinct ] IT'S A DEFENSE MECHANISM.
PETER. WHAT MAKES YOU THINK I WOULD WANT TO KNOW THAT?
WHO WOULDN'T?
OVER FIVE PAINSTAKING YEARS. COLUMBIA'S GENETIC RESEARCH FACILITY--
- [ Harry ] YOU GONNA TALK TO HER NOW? -NO. COME ON. YOU TALK TO HER.
ARMED WITH THESE D.N.A. BLUEPRINTS. ALL RIGHT.
WE HAVE NOW BEGUN WHAT WAS ONCE THOUGHT IMPOSSIBLE.
DISGUSTING.
YEAH. HATEFUL LITTLE THINGS. I LOVE 'EM.
YEAH. ME TOO.
YOU KNOW. SPIDERS CAN CHANGE THEIR COLOR...
TO BLEND INTO THEIR ENVIRONMENT.
REALLY?
YEAH. IT'S A. UH. DEFENSE MECHANISM.
COOL. YEAH.
WE USED SYNTHESIZED TRANSFER R.N.A. TO ENCODE AN ENTIRELY NEW GENOME...
COMBINING THE GENETIC INFORMATION FROM ALL THREE SPIDERS...
INTO THESE 15 GENETICALLY DESIGNED SUPER SPIDERS.
THERE'S 14.
I BEG YOUR PARDON? ONE'S MISSING.
YEAH. HUH.
I GUESS THE RESEARCHERS ARE WORKING ON THAT ONE.
DO YOU KNOW THAT THIS IS THE LARGEST ELECTRON MICROSCOPE ON THE EASTERN SEABOARD?
YOU WERE TALKING THROUGHOUT THAT WOMAN'S ENTIRE PRESENTATION.
LET'S GO TALK ABOUT HOW WE LISTEN.
NOW. I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE AT THOSE FANCY PRIVATE SCHOOLS. OSBORN.
BUT AT MIDTOWN HIGH--
COME ON. KEEP MOVING.
HEY.
COULD I TAKE YOUR PICTURE?
I-- I NEED ONE WITH A STUDENT IN IT.
SURE. YEAH. WHERE DO YOU WANT ME? GREAT.
-OVER HERE? -YEAH. THAT'S GREAT.
DON'T MAKE ME LOOK UGLY.
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
[ Clears Throat ] [ Shutter Clicks ]
OH. PERFECT.
[ Shutter Clicking ]
-IS THAT GOOD? -GREAT.
THAT'S GREAT. [ Mary Jane Giggles ]
[ Girl ] M.J.. LET'S GO!
WAIT--
THANKS.
OW!
[ Teacher ] PARKER. LET'S DO IT.
WE SOLVED THE HORIZON GLIDE AND THE MULTI-G BALANCE ISSUES.
I'VE ALREADY SEEN THE GLIDER.
[ General ] THAT'S NOT WHAT I'M HERE FOR.
GENERAL SLOCUM. GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
MR. BALKAN. MR. FARGAS.
NORMAN. MR. OSBORN.
ALWAYS A PLEASURE TO HAVE OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS PAY US A LITTLE VISIT.
I WANT TO SEE THE PROGRESS REPORT ON HUMAN PERFORMANCE ENHANCERS.
WE TRIED VAPOR INHALATION WITH RODENT SUBJECTS.
THEY SHOWED AN 800 PERCENT INCREASE IN STRENGTH. 800 PERCENT? EXCELLENT.
ANY SIDE EFFECTS? IN ONE TRIAL. YES.
IT WAS AN ABERRATION. ALL THE TESTS SINCE THEN HAVE BEEN SUCCESSFUL.
IN THE TRIAL THAT WENT WRONG. WHAT HAPPENED? WHAT WERE THE SIDE EFFECTS?
UH. VIOLENCE. AGGRESSION...
AND INSANITY.
AND WHAT DO YOU RECOMMEND? THAT WAS ONLY ONE TEST.
WITH THE EXCEPTION OF DR. STROMM.
OUR ENTIRE STAFF CERTIFIES THE PRODUCT READY FOR HUMAN TESTING.
DR. STROMM?
WE NEED TO TAKE THE WHOLE LINE BACK TO FORMULA.
[ Sighs ]
[ Whispers ] BACK TO FORMULA?
DR. OSBORN. I'M GOING TO BE FRANK WITH YOU.
I NEVER SUPPORTED YOUR PROGRAM.
WE HAVE MY PREDECESSOR TO THANK FOR THAT.
NORMAN. THE GENERAL GAVE THE GO-AHEAD TO QUEST AEROSPACE...
TO BUILD A PROTOTYPE OF THEIR EXOSKELETON DESIGN.
THEY TEST IN TWO WEEKS.
AND IF YOUR SO-CALLED PERFORMANCE ENHANCERS...
HAVE NOT HAD A SUCCESSFUL HUMAN TRIAL BY THAT DATE.
I'M GONNA PULL YOUR FUNDING.
I'M GOING TO GIVE IT TO THEM.
[ Slocum ] GENTLEMEN. LADIES.
AND THE LORD SAID. "LET THERE BE LIGHT."
AND VOILA. THERE IS LIGHT.
FORTY SOFT-GLOWIN' WATTS OF IT.
GOOD BOY. GOD'LL BE THRILLED.
JUST DON'T FALL ON YOUR ASS.
[ Chuckles ] I'M ALREADY ON MY ASS. MAY.
WHEN THE PLANT'S SENIOR ELECTRICIAN...
IS LAID OFF AFTER-- AFTER 35 YEARS.
WHAT ELSE WOULD YOU CALL IT?
I AM ON MY ASS. HAND ME THAT DISH. THE GREEN ONE.
CORPORATION IS DOWNSIZING THE PEOPLE...
AND UPSIZING THEIR PROFITS.
AH. BEN. YOU'LL GET ANOTHER JOB SOMEWHERE.
YEAH. WELL. LET'S LOOK IN THE PAPER AND SEE.
HERE ARE THE WANT ADS. WHAT HAVE WE GOT HERE?
"COMPUTER-- COMPUTER SALESMAN.
COMPUTER ENGINEER. COMPUTER ANALYST--"
MY LORD. EVEN THE COMPUTERS NEED ANALYSTS THESE DAYS.
MAY. I'M 68 YEARS OLD. I'M TOO OLD FOR COMPUTERS.
AND BESIDES. I HAVE A FAMILY TO PROVIDE FOR.
I LOVE YOU. AND PETER LOVES YOU.
YOU'RE THE MOST RESPONSIBLE MAN I'VE EVER KNOWN.
WE'VE BEEN DOWN AND OUT BEFORE. BUT SOMEHOW WE'VE SURVIVED. YEAH.
OH. HI. SWEETIE.
YOU'RE JUST-- JUST... IN TIME FOR DINNER.
HEY. HOW YOU DOIN'. BUDDY? HOW WAS THE FIELD TRIP?
I DON'T FEEL WELL. I'M GONNA GO TO SLEEP.
YOU WON'T HAVE A BITE? NO. THANKS. HAD A BITE.
D-D-DID YOU GET SOME PICTURES. PETER?
UH. I GOTTA CRASH. EVERYTHING'S FINE.
[ Door Closes ]
WHAT'S THAT ALL ABOUT?
[ Panting. Shuddering ]
[ Tour Guide ] IN THIS RECOMBINATION LAB.
WE USE SYNTHESIZED TRANSFER R.N.A. TO ENCODE AN ENTIRELY NEW GENOME.
COMBINING THE GENETIC INFORMATION FROM ALL THREE SPIDERS...
INTO THESE 15 GENETICALLY DESIGNED SUPER SPIDERS.
[ Dr. Stromm ] DR. OSBORN. PLEASE.
THE PERFORMANCE ENHANCERS AREN'T READY.
THE DATA JUST DOESN'T JUSTIFY THIS TEST.
NOW. I'M ASKING YOU FOR THE LAST TIME. WE CAN'T DO THIS.
DON'T BE A COWARD.
RISKS ARE PART OF LABORATORY SCIENCE.
LET ME RESCHEDULE WITH A PROPER MEDICAL STAFF AND A VOLUNTEER.
IF YOU JUST GIVE ME TWO WEEKS-- TWO WEEKS?
IN TWO WEEKS WE'LL HAVE LOST THE CONTRACT TO QUEST AND OSCORP WILL BE DEAD.
SOMETIMES YOU GOTTA DO THINGS YOURSELF.
GET ME THE PROMACHLORAPERAZINE.
FOR WHAT?
IT BEGINS CATALYZATION WHEN THE VAPOR HITS THE BLOODSTREAM.
FORTY THOUSAND YEARS OF EVOLUTION.
AND WE'VE BARELY EVEN TAPPED THE VASTNESS OF HUMAN POTENTIAL.
[ Vial Shatters ]
[ Gasps ] THAT'S COLD.
[ Moans ]
[ Beeping ]
[ Groaning. Grunting ] NORMAN?
[ Groaning. Screaming ]
NORMAN!
-NORMAN! -[ Screaming Continues ]
-OH. MY GOD. -[ Sustained Tone ]
OH. MY GOD. NORMAN?
OH. MY GOD. NORMAN!
NORMAN!
[ Exhaling ]
[ Beeping Resumes ]
[ Groaning ] [ Exhaling Rapidly ]
BACK TO FORMULA?
[ Snarling ]
[ Clocking Ticking. Faint. Growing Louder ]
[ Ticking Continues ]
WEIRD.
[ Knock On Door ] [ Aunt May ] PETER!
YEAH? ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
UH...
I'M FINE.
ANY BETTER THIS MORNING? ANY CHANGE?
CHANGE?
YEAH. BIG CHANGE.
WELL. HURRY UP! YOU'RE GOING TO BE LATE!
RIGHT.
OKAY.
GOODNESS ME! JESUS.
[ Chuckling ] I THOUGHT YOU WERE SICK.
I GOT BETTER. [ Aunt May ] SEE?
BYE. GUYS. YOU HAVEN'T EATEN ANYTHING.
HAVE YOU GOT YOUR LUNCH MONEY? YEAH!
HEY. MICHELANGELO. DON'T FORGET WE'RE PAINTING THE KITCHEN
RIGHT AFTER SCHOOL.
SURE THING. UNCLE BEN. DON'T START WITHOUT ME.
AND DON'T START UP WITH ME.
[ Door Opens ] TEENAGERS.
RAGING HORMONES. THEY NEVER CHANGE.
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOUR MOTHER SAYS!
YOU'RE ALWAYS GONNA BE TRASH. JUST LIKE HER! I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL!
AH. WHO'S STOPPIN' YOU?
HI. M.J.
HEY. M.J.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU REALIZE THIS.
BUT WE'VE BEEN NEIGHBORS SINCE I WAS SIX...
AND I WAS WONDERING IF MAYBE WE COULD GET TOGETHER SOMETIME.
HEY. M.J.. I GOT THE CAR. HOP IN! MAYBE DO SOMETHING FUN.
HI. GUYS. WHAT'S GOING ON? OR. I DON'T KNOW.
THOUGHT IT'D BE TIME TO GET TO KNOW EACH OTHER.
[ Chattering ] OR NOT.
SORRY. PARKER! THE BUS IS FULL! HEY!
HEY! STOP THE BUS! [ Students Laughing ]
HEY! HEY! COME ON. STOP!
WHOO! THAT WAS GOOD!
[ Laughing Continues ]
DAD. [ Groans ]
DAD. ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
HARRY. [ Groaning ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ON THE FLOOR? I DON'T KNOW.
HAVE YOU BEEN THERE ALL NIGHT?
[ Panting ] UH. LAST NIGHT I WAS--
WHAT?
I DON'T REMEMBER.
- MR. OSBORN? -SIR. I ASKED HER TO WAIT IN THE FOYER.
I'M SORRY. MY FATHER'S NOT FEELING WELL.
MR. OSBORN. DR. STROMM IS DEAD.
WHAT?
THEY FOUND HIS BODY THIS MORNING IN THE LAB.
HE'S BEEN MURDERED. SIR.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
AND THE FLIGHT SUIT AND THE GLIDER?
-WHAT ABOUT IT? -IT'S BEEN STOLEN. SIR.
[ School Bell Rings ]
[ Gasps ]
WOW. GREAT REFLEXES.
THANKS. NO PROBLEM.
HEY. YOU HAVE... BLUE EYES.
I-- I DIDN'T NOTICE WITHOUT YOUR GLASSES.
YOU JUST GET CONTACTS?
WELL. SEE YA.
[ Sighs ]
[ Gasping. Laughing ]
WHAT HAPPENED? WHAT IS THAT?
HE'S REALLY WEIRD.
DID YOU SEE THAT?
PARKER?
[ All Chattering ]
OH. MAN! [ Laughing. Chattering Continues ]
[ Buzzing ]
[ Yelling ]
-THINK YOU'RE PRETTY FUNNY. DON'T YOU. FREAK? -FLASH. IT WAS JUST AN ACCIDENT.
MY FIST BREAKING YOUR TEETH. THAT'S THE ACCIDENT.
-COME ON. FLASH. STOP. -I DON'T WANT TO FIGHT YOU. FLASH.
I WOULDN'T WANT TO FIGHT ME NEITHER.
[ Students Yelling ]
WHOA.
-[ Flash Grunts ] -[ Students Gasping ]
HELP HIM. HARRY.
[ Students Gasping ]
[ Girl ] HOW'D HE DO THAT?
-WHICH ONE? -HE'S ALL YOURS. MAN.
[ Yelling ]
AAAAH!
[ Students Laughing. Cheering ]
[ Girl 1 ] WHOO! YEAH!
[ Girl 2 ] FLASH. GET UP! [ Girl 1 Chuckling ] I DON'T KNOW!
JESUS. PARKER. YOU ARE A FREAK.
PETER. THAT WAS-- THAT WAS AMAZING.
[ Girl 2 ] I'M OUTTA HERE. COME ON.
[ Harry ] PETER!
WHOO-HOO!
WHOA!
WHOA-OOOH!
WHOO! WHOO!
GO. WEB!
FLY!
UP. UP AND AWAY. WEB!
SHAZAM!
GO! GO! GO. WEB. GO!
TALLYHO. [ Inhales ]
[ Screaming ]
OH! OH! [ Grunting ]
[ Man Shouting ] SHE BACK WITH THE BEER YET? [ Woman ] WHAT?
[ Man ] BRING ME SOME BEER!
[ Woman ] GET UP OFF YOUR ASS-- [ Man ] I CAN'T--
-YOU GUYS. STOP YELLING! - YOU'RE AS STUPID AS YOUR MOTHER!
GET AWAY FROM ME!
[ Arguing Continues ] [ Man ] WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
THE DISHES ARE NOT DONE. SOMEBODY'S GOT TO DO DISHES.
[ Woman Shouting ] WHY DON'T YOU DO 'EM FOR A CHANGE?
[ Man ] GET IN HERE. GIRL. AND DO THE DISHES NOW. I'M GOING OUT.
WERE YOU LISTENING TO THAT?
NO.
WELL. I HEARD. BUT I WAS JUST TAKING OUT THE TRASH.
I GUESS YOU CAN ALWAYS HEAR US.
WELL. E-EVERYBODY SHOUTS.
YOUR AUNT AND UNCLE DON'T.
WELL. THEY CAN SCREAM PRETTY GOOD SOMETIMES.
LISTEN. M.J.. ABOUT TODAY AT SCHOOL WITH FLASH--
YOU REALLY FREAKED US OUT.
I'M SORRY. IS HE OKAY?
HE'S JUST HAPPY YOU DIDN'T GIVE HIM A BLACK EYE FOR GRADUATION.
SO. WHERE ARE YOU GOING AFTER YOU GRADUATE?
I. UH--
I WANT TO MOVE INTO THE CITY.
HOPEFULLY. UH. GET A JOB...
AS A PHOTOGRAPHER.
WORK MY WAY THROUGH COLLEGE.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?
HEADED FOR THE CITY TOO.
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET OUT OF HERE.
I WANNA--
WHAT?
OH. COME ON. TRY ME.
I WANNA...
ACT...
ON STAGE.
REALLY?
WELL. THAT'S PERFECT.
YOU WERE AWESOME IN ALL THE SCHOOL PLAYS.
REALLY? YEAH.
I CRIED LIKE A BABY WHEN YOU PLAYED CINDERELLA.
PETER. THAT WAS FIRST GRADE.
WELL.
EVEN SO.
SOMETIMES...
YOU KNOW PEOPLE.
YOU CAN JUST... SEE WHAT'S COMING.
WHAT DO YOU SEE COMING FOR YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHATEVER IT IS.
IT'S SOMETHING I NEVER FELT BEFORE.
AND... WHAT FOR ME?
FOR YOU?
YOU'RE GONNA LIGHT UP BROADWAY.
YOU KNOW.
YOU'RE TALLER THAN YOU LOOK.
I HUNCH.
DON'T.
[ Vehicle Approaching ]
COME TAKE A RIDE IN MY NEW BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
[ Flash ] COME ON.
I GOTTA GO.
BYE.
OH. MY GOD. IT'S GORGEOUS! LOOK AT IT!
HOP IN. OH. MY GOD. WHAT A GREAT CAR!
[ Chuckles ] PRETTY TIGHT. HUH?
WAIT TILL YOU HEAR THE SOUND SYSTEM.
HEY. DON'T SCRATCH THE LEATHER.
[ Flash ] WHOO-HOO! COOL CAR.
[ Car Engine Revs ]
[ Knock On Door ] [ Aunt May ] PETER?
WHAT'S-- WHAT'S GOING ON IN THERE?
I'M EXERCISING. I'M NOT DRESSED. AUNT MAY.
WELL. YOU'RE ACTING SO STRANGELY. PETER.
OKAY. THANKS.
[ Sighs ]
[ Cackling ]
SOMETHING'S BOTHERING HIM. MAYBE HE'S TOO EMBARRASSED TO TELL ME WHAT IT IS.
MAYBE I'M TOO EMBARRASSED TO ASK HIM. YOU THINK?
I DON'T KNOW. I JUST DON'T KNOW ANYMORE.
GOING TO THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY. I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
-YEAH. WAIT. PETE. I'LL DRIVE YOU THERE. BUDDY. -OH. NO. I'LL TAKE THE TRAIN.
NO. NO. NO. I NEED THE EXERCISE. GO ON. GO. GO. GO.
[ Door Closes ]
THANKS FOR THE RIDE. UNCLE BEN. WAIT A MINUTE. PETER. WE NEED TO TALK.
WE CAN TALK LATER. WELL. WE CAN TALK NOW.
IF YOU'D LET ME.
WHAT DO WE HAVE TO TALK ABOUT? WHY NOW?
WE HAVEN'T TALKED FOR SO LONG. YOUR AUNT MAY AND I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO YOU ARE ANYMORE.
YOU SHIRK YOUR CHORES. YOU HAVE ALL THOSE WEIRD EXPERIMENTS IN YOUR ROOM.
YOU START FIGHTS AT SCHOOL--
I DIDN'T START THAT FIGHT. I TOLD YOU THAT.
WELL. YOU SURE FINISHED IT. WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO. RUN AWAY?
NO. YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO RUN AWAY. BUT--
PETE. LOOK. YOU'RE CHANGING.
I WENT THROUGH EXACTLY THE SAME THING AT YOUR AGE.
NO. NOT EXACTLY.
PETER. THESE ARE THE YEARS WHEN A MAN CHANGES...
INTO THE MAN HE'S GOING TO BECOME THE REST OF HIS LIFE.
JUST BE CAREFUL WHO YOU CHANGE INTO.
THIS GUY FLASH THOMPSON.
HE PROBABLY DESERVED WHAT HAPPENED.
BUT JUST BECAUSE YOU CAN BEAT HIM UP...
DOESN'T GIVE YOU THE RIGHT TO.
REMEMBER.
WITH GREAT POWER COMES GREAT RESPONSIBILITY.
ARE YOU AFRAID I'M GOING TO TURN INTO SOME KIND OF CRIMINAL?
QUIT WORRYING ABOUT ME. OKAY?
SOMETHING'S DIFFERENT. I'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
STOP LECTURING ME. PLEASE.
I DON'T MEAN TO LECTURE. AND I DON'T MEAN TO PREACH.
AND I KNOW I'M NOT YOUR FATHER.
THEN STOP PRETENDING TO BE.
RIGHT.
I'LL PICK YOU UP HERE AT 10:00.
BONE SAW! BONE SAW! BONE SAW! BONE SAW! BONE SAW! BONE SAW!
YEAH!
ONE! TWO! THREE! THAT'S IT!
-WHO'S THE MAN? -[ Cheering. Chanting ]
BONE SAW! BONE SAW! BONE SAW!
-YEAH! -[ Cheering. Yelling ]
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. GIVE IT UP...
FOR BONE SAW McGRAW!
FOR $3.000.
IS THERE NO ONE HERE MAN ENOUGH TO STAY IN THE RING FOR THREE MINUTES...
WITH THIS TITAN OF TESTOSTERONE?
[ Cheering Continues ]
WHO?
I KNOW WHO.
THE FLYING DUTCHMAN!
[ Booing. Shouting ]
NEXT.
THERE'S NO FEATHERWEIGHT DIVISION HERE. SMALL FRY.
NEXT! NO. NO. SIGN ME UP.
OKAY.
YOU UNDERSTAND THE N.Y.W.L. IS NOT RESPONSIBLE...
FOR ANY INJURY YOU MAY AND PROBABLY WILL SUSTAIN WHILE PARTICIPATING IN SAID EVENT.
AND YOU ARE INDEED PARTICIPATING UNDER YOUR OWN FREE WILL?
YES. DOWN THE HALL TO THE RAMP. MAY GOD BE WITH YOU.
NEXT!
[ Yelling. Groaning ]
TOLD YA! TOLD YA! [ Cheering Continues ]
WINNER! [ Bell Clanging ]
NEXT VICTIM!
ARE YOU READY FOR MORE?
BONE SAW IS READY!
OH. YEAH. BONE SAW! OH. YEAH!
[ Ring Announcer ] WILL THE NEXT VICTIM
PLEASE ENTER THE ARENA AT THIS TIME?
IF HE CAN WITHSTAND JUST THREE MINUTES IN THE CAGE...
WITH BONE SAW McGRAW.
THE SUM OF $3.000 WILL BE PAID TO--
WHAT'S YOUR NAME. KID?
THE HUMAN SPIDER.
"THE HUMAN SPIDER"? THAT'S IT? THAT'S THE BEST YOU GOT?
YEAH. WELL. THAT SUCKS.
THE SUM OF $3.000...
WILL BE PAID TO...
THE TERRIFYING. THE DEADLY.
THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN!
[ Audience Booing. Jeering ]
MY NAME'S THE HUMAN SPIDER.
I DON'T CARE. GET OUT THERE. NO. HE GOT MY NAME WRONG--
-GET OUT THERE. YOU MORON! -[ Booing. Jeering Continues ]
BONE SAW'S GONNA EAT YOU UP AND SPIT YOU OUT. LITTLE MAN.
I HOPE YOU BROUGHT YOUR MOMMY WITH YOU.
'CAUSE YOU'RE GONNA NEED SOMEONE TO GO CRYIN' TO.
[ Women Continue Shouting ]
I'M GONNA RIP OFF EIGHT OF YOUR FEEBLE LEGS ONE BY ONE!
[ Man Screaming ] OH. MY GOD!
OH. MY LEGS! OH. GOD! I CAN'T FEEL MY LEGS!
[ Audience Chanting ] KILL HIM! KILL HIM! KILL HIM!
KILL HIM! KILL HIM! KILL HIM!
[ Audience Continues Chanting. Shouting ]
-CAGE! -[ Audience Chanting ] CAGE! CAGE! CAGE! CAGE!
HELLO? GUYS?
WILL THE GUARDS...
PLEASE LOCK THE CAGE DOORS AT THIS TIME?
HEY. LISTEN. THERE'S SOME KIND OF MISTAKE.
I DIDN'T SIGN UP FOR A CAGE MATCH!
HEY! UNLOCK THE THING! TAKE THE CHAIN OFF!
HEY. FREAK SHOW!
YOU'RE GOIN' NOWHERE!
I GOT YOU FOR THREE MINUTES!
THREE MINUTES OF PLAYTIME.
- [ Bell Clangs ] -[ Yells ]
-[ Groans ] -[ All Gasping ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN' UP THERE?
STAYING AWAY FROM YOU.
THAT'S A CUTE OUTFIT. DID YOUR HUSBAND GIVE IT TO YOU?
[ Grunts. Yells ]
-[ Audience Shouting ] -[ Continues Yelling ]
FINISH HIM OFF!
AAH!
[ Sighs. Groans ]
-SMASH HIM! -AAAH!
-[ Bone Saw Grunts ] -[ Audience Chanting ] BONE SAW! BONE SAW! BONE SAW!
-WHOA! -HIT HIM!
HARDER!
-YEAH! -KICK HIS SPIDER ASS!
YEAH!
-[ Whimpers ] -HIT HIM!
-[ Groaning ] -[ Kicks Landing ]
[ Bone Saw Yells. Groans ]
YEAH! YEAH!
ONE! TWO! THREE! THAT'S IT! THAT'S IT!
WINNER!
[ Ring Announcer ] LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
GIVE IT UP FOR THE NEW CHAMPION. SPIDER-MAN!
[ Audience Cheering. Chanting ] SPIDER-MAN! SPIDER-MAN! SPIDER-MAN! SPIDER-MAN!
SPIDER-MAN! SPIDER-MAN! SPIDER-MAN!
SPIDER-MAN! SPIDER-MAN! [ Cheering Continues ]
[ Cheering Continues. Faint ]
NOW GET OUTTA HERE.
A HUNDRED BUCKS? THE AD SAID 3.000.
WELL. CHECK IT AGAIN. WEB-HEAD.
IT SAID THREE GRAND FOR THREE MINUTES. YOU PINNED HIM IN TWO.
FOR THAT I GIVE YOU A HUNDRED. AND YOU'RE LUCKY TO GET THAT.
I NEED THAT MONEY.
I MISSED THE PART WHERE THAT'S MY PROBLEM.
-HEY. WHAT THE HELL-- -PUT THE MONEY IN THE BAG.
[ Man Shouts ] HURRY UP!
[ Yells ]
[ Bell Dings ]
[ Groaning ] HEY! HE STOLE THE GATE!
STOP THAT GUY!
STOP HIM! HE'S GOT MY MONEY!
THANKS!
WHAT THE HELL'S THE MATTER WITH YOU? YOU LET HIM GO!
[ Guard ] CUT HIM OFF IN THE LOBBY. THEN CALL THE COPS!
YOU COULD'VE TAKEN THAT GUY. NOW HE'S GONNA GET AWAY WITH MY MONEY.
I MISSED THE PART WHERE THAT'S MY PROBLEM.
[ Policeman ] SIR. YOU GOTTA GET BACK.
GET BACK. ALL RIGHT?
[ Police Radio. Indistinct ] [ Man ] OLD DUDE. MAN.
[ Policeman ] COME ON. FOLKS. KEEP MOVIN'. PLEASE KEEP MOVIN'. LET'S GO.
YO. WHAT HAPPENED?
[ Man ] SOMEONE GOT HURT.
[ Woman ] HOW? THERE'S SOMEONE DOWN.
EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME.
STAY BACK. HEY. STAY BACK. STAY BACK!
THAT'S MY UNCLE!
WHAT HAPPENED? [ Policewoman ] CARJACKER. HE'S BEEN SHOT.
WE JUST CALLED THE PARAMEDICS. THEY'RE ON THEIR WAY.
HEY. HEY. STAY BACK.
UNCLE BEN? UNCLE BEN?
[ Panting ]
UNCLE BEN?
PETER.
I'M HERE. UNCLE BEN.
THEY GOT THE SHOOTER.
HE'S HEADED SOUTH ON FIFTH AVENUE.
HE'S GOT THREE CARS IN PURSUIT.
ALL RIGHT. FOLKS. HELP US OUT. MOVE BACK.
[ Grunting ]
[ Yelling ]
HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY!
[ Both Yelling ]
[ Grunting. Groaning ]
[ Policeman ] GET A UNIT AROUND TO THE REAR OF THE BUILDING!
[ Policeman ] I GOT THE BACK!
[ Panting. Grunting ]
WHO'S THERE?
[ Groans ]
-[ Both Grunting ] -[ Yells ]
[ Both Grunting. Yelling ]
DON'T HURT ME. JUST GIVE ME A CHANCE. JUST GIVE ME A CHANCE!
WHAT ABOUT MY UNCLE? DID YOU GIVE HIM A CHANCE?
DID YOU?
ANSWER ME!
STOP THAT GUY!
THANKS!
[ Gunshot ]
[ Chuckling ]
[ Panting ] SEE YA.
-[ Screaming ] -[ Bones Snapping ]
[ Panting ] NO!
[ Screaming ]
[ Thud ]
[ Policeman On P.A. ] FREEZE! WE'VE GOT THE PLACE COMPLETELY SURROUNDED!
[ Aunt May Wailing. Sobbing ]
GOOD EVENING. GENERAL.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
OUR EXOSKELETON'S GOT REAL FIREPOWER. GENERAL SLOCUM.
WELL. IF IT DOES WHAT YOU SAY IT CAN. I'LL SIGN THAT CONTRACT TOMORROW.
[ Woman ] EIGHTEEN. SEVENTEEN. SIXTEEN... HE'S CLEAR! LET'S GO!
[ General Slocum ] I ASSUME YOU'RE CONFIDENT ABOUT THIS TEST.
ABSOLUTELY. CAPTAIN CURTIS IS OUR TOP PILOT.
NOW. WHAT ABOUT YOUR COMMITMENT TO OSCORP?
NOTHING WOULD PLEASE ME MORE THAN TO PUT NORMAN OSBORN OUT OF BUSINESS.
[ Engine Igniting ]
PREFLIGHT COMPLETE. MARK.
[ Flight Control ] WE ARE PICKING UP AN UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT CLOSING FAST.
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT? [ Flight Control ] CAN YOU SEE ANYTHING?
[ Cackling ] OH. MY GOD.
[ Cackling Continues ]
[ Cheering. Applause ]
SAY "CHESS"! [ All ] CHESS!
PETER!
OH. DARLING. I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
YOU LOOKED SO HANDSOME UP THERE. PETE? GOOD NEWS.
MY FATHER GOT THE PLACE IN NEW YORK. WE'RE ALL SET THIS FALL.
THAT'S GREAT. [ Norman ] YOU MADE IT.
THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME I'VE BEEN PROVEN WRONG.
CONGRATULATIONS. THANKS. DAD.
PETER. THE SCIENCE AWARD. THAT'S TERRIFIC.
YEAH.
I KNOW THIS HAS BEEN A DIFFICULT TIME FOR YOU.
BUT I WANT YOU TO TRY TO ENJOY THIS DAY.
COMMENCEMENT.
THE END OF ONE THING.
THE START OF SOMETHING NEW.
I DON'T NEED YOU ANYMORE. FINE.
HERE'S YOUR RING.
YOU KNOW WHAT? WHATEVER. IT'S YOUR LOSS.
YOU'RE LIKE A BROTHER TO HIM.
THAT MAKES YOU FAMILY.
IF YOU EVER NEED ANYTHING. JUST GIVE ME A CALL.
CAN I-- CAN I FIX YOU SOMETHING?
NO. THANKS.
I MISSED HIM A LOT TODAY.
I KNOW.
I MISS HIM TOO.
BUT HE WAS THERE.
I CAN'T HELP THINKING ABOUT...
THE LAST THING I SAID TO HIM.
HE TRIED TO TELL ME SOMETHING IMPORTANT.
AND I THREW IT IN HIS FACE.
YOU LOVED HIM.
AND HE LOVED YOU.
HE NEVER DOUBTED THE MAN YOU'D GROW INTO.
HOW YOU WERE MEANT FOR GREAT THINGS.
YOU WON'T DISAPPOINT HIM.
[ Quiet Sigh ]
[ Uncle Ben ] WITH GREAT POWER...
COMES GREAT RESPONSIBILITY.
REMEMBER THAT. PETE. REMEMBER THAT.
HURRY UP!
[ Gasping. Groaning ]
THIS IS NOT A MAN. MY BROTHER SAW HIM BUILDING A NEST IN THE LINCOLN CENTER FOUNTAIN.
I THINK HE'S HUMAN. I THINK HE'S A MAN. COULD BE A WOMAN.
[ Store Alarm Ringing ]
TOMMY. GET A LOAD OF THIS.
[ Groaning. Grunting ]
WHOO!
THROWS UP HIS HANDS. ROPES COME OUT.
AND HE CLIMBS UP THE ROPES LIKE A SPIDER WEB.
[ Woman ] I SEE THE WEB. IT'S HIS SIGNATURE.
AND I KNOW SPIDER-MAN WAS HERE.
[ Man ] THE GUY PROTECTS US. HE PROTECTS THE PEOPLE.
AH. SOME KIND OF FREAKY-LOO OR SOMETHIN'. WACK-A-DO.
HE STINKS. AND I DON'T LIKE HIM.
[ Whimpering ] DON'T MOVE. LADY.
[ Gasps ]
[ Screaming ]
GUY WITH EIGHT HANDS. SOUNDS HOT.
HE HAS THOSE TIGHTS AND THAT TIGHT LITTLE--
♪ DRESSES LIKE A SPIDER HE LOOKS LIKE A BUG ♪
♪ WELL. WE SHOULD ALL JUST GIVE HIM ONE BIG HUG ♪
♪ LOOK OUT. HOO ♪
♪ HERE COMES THE SPIDER-MAN ♪♪
WHO IS SPIDER-MAN?
HE'S A CRIMINAL. THAT'S WHO HE IS.
A VIGILANTE. A PUBLIC MENACE.
WHAT'S HE DOING ON MY FRONT PAGE? [ Intercom Buzzes ]
MR. JAMESON. YOUR WIFE IS ON LINE ONE--
-THERE'S A PAGE-SIX PROBLEM. -WE HAVE A PAGE-ONE PROBLEM. SHUT UP.
RIGHT. WELL? HE'S NEWS.
-THEY'RE REALLY IMPORTANT CLIENTS THAT CAN'T WAIT. -THEY'RE ABOUT TO.
HE PULLED SIX PEOPLE OFF THAT SUBWAY CAR.
SURE. FROM A WRECK HE PROBABLY CAUSED.
SOMETHING GOES WRONG AND THIS CREEPY CRAWLER IS THERE.
LOOK. HE'S FLEEING THE SCENE.
WHAT'S THAT TELL YA? HE'S NOT FLEEING.
HE'S PROBABLY GOING TO SAVE SOMEBODY ELSE. HE'S A HERO!
THEN WHY DOES HE WEAR A MASK? HMM? WHAT'S HE GOT TO HIDE?
SHE JUST NEEDS TO KNOW IF YOU WANT THE CHINTZ OR THE CHENILLE IN THE DINING ROOM.
-WHICHEVER ONE'S CHEAPER. -MR. JAMESON. IT'S LIKE THIS.
WE DOUBLE-BOOKED PAGE SIX. SO BOTH MACY'S AND CONWAY'S BOTH HAVE THREE-QUARTERS--
WE SOLD OUT FOUR PRINTINGS.
SOLD OUT? EVERY COPY.
TOMORROW MORNING. SPIDER-MAN. PAGE ONE. WITH A DECENT PICTURE THIS TIME.
-MOVE CONWAY'S TO PAGE SEVEN. -THERE'S A PROBLEM WITH PAGE SEVEN.
THEN MAKE IT PAGE EIGHT AND GIVE 'EM TEN PERCENT OFF. MAKE IT FIVE PERCENT.
THAT CAN'T BE DONE-- GET OUT OF HERE!
WE DON'T HAVE A DECENT PICTURE. EDDIE'S BEEN ON IT.
WE CAN BARELY GET A GLIMPSE OF HIM. AWW. WHAT. IS HE SHY?
IF WE CAN GET A PICTURE OF JULIA ROBERTS IN A THONG.
WE CAN CERTAINLY GET A PICTURE OF THIS WEIRDO.
PUT AN AD ON THE FRONT PAGE: "CASH MONEY FOR A PICTURE OF SPIDER-MAN."
HE DOESN'T WANT TO BE FAMOUS? THEN I'LL MAKE HIM INFAMOUS.
-HEY! -BUZZ OFF.
M.J.. IT'S ME. PETER. HI!
HEY. WHAT ARE YOU DOING AROUND HERE?
I'M BEGGING FOR A JOB. HOW ABOUT YOU?
OH. UH--
I'M HEADED TO AN AUDITION. AN AUDITION?
SO YOU'RE ACTING NOW? YEAH.
I WORK STEADY. IN FACT. I JUST GOT OFF A JOB.
THAT'S GREAT. M.J.
YOU'RE DOING IT. YOU'RE LIVING YOUR DREAM.
HEY. GLAMOUR GIRL!
YEAH. YOUR DRAWER WAS SHORT SIX DOLLARS!
NEXT TIME THAT HAPPENS I'M GONNA TAKE IT OUT OF YOUR CHECK!
EXCUSE ME. MISS WATSON!
I'M TALKIN' TO YOU! HEY!
YES. ENRIQUE! OKAY? I GET YOU!
WELL. IT BETTER NOT HAPPEN NO MORE. YOU HEAR ME? DON'T ROLL YOUR EYES AT ME!
SOME DREAM. HUH?
THAT'S NOTHING TO BE EMBARRASSED ABOUT.
DON'T TELL HARRY.
DON'T TELL HARRY? AREN'T YOU GUYS LIVING TOGETHER?
WE'RE GOING OUT. DIDN'T HE TELL YOU?
OH. YEAH. RIGHT.
I-I-I THINK HE'D HATE THE IDEA OF MY WAITING TABLES.
HE'D THINK IT WAS LOW OR SOMETHING.
THAT'S NOT LOW. YOU HAVE A JOB.
YOU KNOW. HARRY. HE DOESN'T LIVE ON A LITTLE PLACE I LIKE TO CALL EARTH.
NO. I-- I GUESS NOT.
THANKS. PETE.
WE SHOULD CATCH UP SOMETIME.
LET'S GET SOME LUNCH SOME EVENING.
UH--
WELL. I'LL-I-- I'LL COME BY AND HAVE SOME OF YOUR MOONDANCE COFFEE SOMEDAY.
AND I WON'T TELL HARRY.
NO. DON'T TELL HARRY. I WON'T!
I WON'T TELL HARRY.
TIMING'S PERFECT. HEY.
FIVE NEW CONTRACTS. IT'LL BE GREAT.
[ Laughing ]
STORMIN' NORMAN'S MAKING HIS WEEKLY INSPECTION.
HE'S SPENT HALF OF IT ON THE PHONE.
I'M GLAD YOU'RE HERE. I NEED YOUR HELP.
I'M REALLY LOST HERE.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YOU LOOK LIKE YOU JUST GOT SECOND PLACE IN THE SCIENCE FAIR.
NO. I. UH--
I WAS LATE FOR WORK AND DR. CONNORS FIRED ME.
YOU WERE LATE AGAIN?
I DON'T GET IT. WHERE DO YOU GO ALL THE TIME?
AROUND.
PETER PARKER. MAYBE YOU'LL TELL ME WHO SHE IS. WHO'S THAT?
THIS MYSTERY GIRL HARRY'S BEEN DATING. DAD.
WHEN DO I GET TO MEET HER? DAD!
WELL. SORRY. HARRY HASN'T MENTIONED HER.
HEY. PETE. YOU'RE PROBABLY LOOKING FOR A JOB NOW. RIGHT?
DAD. MAYBE YOU CAN HELP HIM OUT.
NO. I-- I APPRECIATE IT. BUT I'LL BE FINE.
IT'S NO PROBLEM. I'LL MAKE A FEW CALLS. I COULDN'T ACCEPT IT. SIR.
I LIKE TO EARN WHAT I GET. I CAN FIND MY OWN WORK.
I RESPECT THAT.
YOU WANT TO MAKE IT ON YOUR OWN STEAM. THAT'S GREAT.
WHAT OTHER SKILLS DO YOU HAVE. PARKER?
I WAS THINKING OF SOMETHING IN PHOTOGRAPHY.
HELLO.
[ Groans ] LET'S GO! MOVE IT!
WATCH THE STREET.
WHOO!
CHEESE!
THEY'RE CRAP.
CRAP. CRAP. MEGA-CRAP.
I'LL GIVE YOU 200 BUCKS FOR ALL OF 'EM. THAT SEEMS A LITTLE LOW.
TAKE 'EM SOMEWHERE ELSE. THEN. [ Intercom Buzzes ]
SIR. THE TILE YOU ORDERED FOR THE FOYER IS OUT OF STOCK.
TELL HER WE'LL JUST PUT A RUG THERE. SIT DOWN. GIVE ME THAT.
I'LL GIVE YOU 300. THAT'S THE STANDARD FREELANCE FEE.
TEAR UP PAGE ONE. RUN THAT PHOTO INSTEAD. HEADLINE?
SPIDER-MAN: HERO OR MENACE? EXCLUSIVE DAILY BUGLE PHOTOS.
MENACE? HE WAS PROTECTING THAT ARMORED CAR FROM-- I'LL TELL YOU WHAT. ATTICUS.
YOU TAKE THE PICTURES. I'LL MAKE UP THE HEADLINES. THAT OKAY WITH YOU?
-YES. SIR. -GOODY.
GIVE THIS TO THE GIRL UP FRONT. SHE'LL SEE YOU GET PAID.
I'D LIKE A JOB. SIR. NO JOBS.
FREELANCE. BEST THING IN THE WORLD FOR A KID YOUR AGE.
YOU BRING ME SOME MORE SHOTS OF THAT NEWSPAPER-SELLING CLOWN. MAYBE I'LL TAKE 'EM.
BUT I NEVER SAID YOU HAVE A JOB.
MEAT. I'LL SEND YOU A NICE BOX OF CHRISTMAS MEAT. BEST I CAN DO.
GET OUT OF HERE. BRING ME MORE PHOTOS.
HI. HI.
MR. JAMESON TOLD ME TO GIVE THAT TO YOU. AH.
WELCOME TO THE DAILY BUGLE.
THANK YOU.
I'M PETER PARKER.
I'M A PHOTOGRAPHER.
YES. I CAN SEE THAT.
AS OF TODAY.
OSCORP INDUSTRIES...
HAS SURPASSED QUEST AEROSPACE...
AS THE PRINCIPAL SUPPLIER TO THE UNITED STATES MILITARY.
IN SHORT. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN OF THE BOARD.
COSTS ARE DOWN. REVENUES ARE UP...
AND OUR STOCK HAS NEVER BEEN HIGHER.
WONDERFUL NEWS. NORMAN. WONDERFUL.
AS A MATTER OF FACT. IT'S THE REASON WE'RE SELLING THE COMPANY.
-WHAT? -YES. QUEST IS RECAPITALIZING IN THE WAKE OF THE BOMBING.
EXPANDING.
THEY MADE A TENDER OFFER WE CAN'T IGNORE.
WHY WASN'T I TOLD?
THE LAST THING THEY WANT IS A POWER STRUGGLE
WITH ENTRENCHED MANAGEMENT.
THE DEAL IS OFF IF YOU COME WITH IT.
THE BOARD EXPECTS YOUR RESIGNATION IN 30 DAYS.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO ME.
I STARTED THIS COMPANY.
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH I SACRIFICED?
O-O-OH. MAX. PLEASE.
NORMAN. THE BOARD IS UNANIMOUS.
WE'RE ANNOUNCING THE SALE AFTER THE WORLD UNITY FESTIVAL.
I'M SORRY.
YOU'RE OUT. NORMAN.
AM I?
♪♪ [ Pop ] [ Announcer ] WELCOME TO OSCORP INDUSTRIES UNITY DAY FESTIVAL!
LET'S HEAR IT FOR MACY GRAY! [ Cheering ]
♪ MY NUTTY NUTMEG PHANTASY ♪
♪ YOU AND ME ♪
♪ CAN'T YOU SEE ♪
♪ IN MY NUTTY NUTMEG ♪
♪ BABY. I KNOW WE HAD A BAD DAY ♪
♪ YOU ARE SO MAD AT ME ♪
♪ IT DON'T MEAN WE HAVE TO MOPE AROUND ♪
♪ PICTURE US ON THE MOON ♪
♪ HAPPY LIKE A CARTOON ♪
♪ BELIEVE IN LOVE AND IT WILL COME DOWN ♪
[ Background Singers ] ♪ NUTTY NUTMEG PHANTASY ♪ ♪ NUTMEG PHANTASY ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ] M.J.. WHY DIDN'T YOU WEAR THE BLACK DRESS?
JUST. I WANTED TO IMPRESS MY FATHER. HE LOVES BLACK.
WELL. MAYBE HE'LL BE IMPRESSED NO MATTER WHAT.
YOU THINK I'M PRETTY.
I THINK YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
♪ PICTURE IF I WAS UNDERSTANDING ♪
♪ AND YOU WERE LESS DEMANDING ♪
♪ AND THE ONLY TIME WE SCREAM AND SHOUT ♪
♪ IS WHEN WE'RE MAKIN' LOVE ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ] WOULD YOU DO ME A FAVOR? I FORGOT MY DRINK INSIDE.
♪ BELIEVE IN LOVE ♪
♪ AND IT WILL COME DOWN ♪♪
♪♪ [ Becomes Faint ]
OH. HI. MR. FARGAS. OH. HARRY.
HAVE YOU SEEN MY FATHER AROUND?
UH. WELL. I'M NOT SURE IF HE'S. UH. COMING TODAY.
WHAT IS THAT? MUST BE NEW THIS YEAR.
♪♪ [ Stops ] WHAT IS THAT?
-WHAT IS THAT? -THAT'S OUR GLIDER!
[ Cheering ]
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?
[ Cackling ]
-[ Screaming ] -[ All Screaming ]
-[ Screaming ] -CODE THREE! CODE THREE!
[ Screaming Continues ]
-OH. MY GOD! HARRY! -M.J.!
[ Continues Screaming ] HARRY! HELP ME! HARRY!
[ Continues Cackling ]
OUT. AM I?
MARY JANE! HARRY!
HELLO. MY DEAR.
-[ Screams ] -IT'S SPIDER-MAN!
HUH?
[ Screaming ]
-COME ON. MOVE. KID! -COME ON. BILLY!
[ Mother ] SOMEBODY HELP HIM! [ Screaming ]
MOMMY!
[ Snarling ]
-HOLD IT RIGHT THERE! -I SURRENDER!
-OH. BOY. -HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!
[ Yells ]
IMPRESSIVE.
HA-HA!
[ Continues Cackling ]
- [ Mary Jane Screams ] -MARY JANE!
HELP! SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME!
-HOLD ON! -[ Cackling ]
-WATCH OUT! -[ Snarls ]
-[ Yells ] -[ Screams ]
WE'LL MEET AGAIN. SPIDER-MAN!
- [ Screaming ] -HOLD ON. MARY JANE!
WHOO!
WELL. BEATS TAKING THE SUBWAY.
DON'T MIND US. SHE JUST NEEDS TO USE THE ELEVATOR.
WAIT! WHO ARE YOU?
YOU KNOW WHO I AM. I DO?
YOUR FRIENDLY NEIGHBORHOOD SPIDER-MAN.
WHOO-HOO!
[ Harry ] INCREDIBLE?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN. HE'S INCREDIBLE?
NO. ALL RIGHT. WAIT-- STAY THERE. I'M GONNA COME OVER.
NO. I'M GONNA COME O--
ALL RIGHT. FINE. FINE. WILL YOU CALL ME IN THE MORNING?
WE'LL GO AND HAVE BREAKFAST AND. UM-- I WANT TO BUY YOU SOMETHING.
BECAUSE I WANT TO. IT'LL MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER.
OKAY. AND. LIKE. WHAT DO YOU MEAN. INCREDIBLE?
ALL RIGHT. I'M SORRY. SLEEP TIGHT.
DON'T LET THE BEDBUGS-- [ Click. Dial Tone ]
[ Beep ]
SHE'S ALL RIGHT. SHE'S JUST A LITTLE RATTLED.
YEAH.
PETE. I-- I SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU ABOUT US.
YOU SHOULD KNOW I'M CRAZY ABOUT HER.
IT'S JUST THAT. YOU KNOW. YOU NEVER MADE A MOVE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DIDN'T.
I'M-- I'M GONNA GET SOME REST.
I-I'M GONNA STAY UP FOR A WHILE.
WHAT WAS THAT THING?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHATEVER IT IS. SOMEBODY HAS TO STOP IT.
[ Cackling. Faint ]
SOMEBODY THERE?
[ Norman's Voice ] SOMEBODY? [ Gasps ]
WHO SAID THAT?
[ Norman's Voice. Faint ] DON'T PLAY THE INNOCENT WITH ME.
[ Norman's Voice ] YOU'VE KNOWN ALL ALONG.
WHERE ARE YOU?
FOLLOW THE COLD SHIVER RUNNING DOWN YOUR SPINE.
I'M RIGHT HERE!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
DID YOU THINK IT WAS COINCIDENCE?
SO MANY GOOD THINGS ALL HAPPENING FOR YOU.
ALL FOR YOU.
NORMAN.
[ Glass Shatters ] WHAT DO YOU WANT?
TO SAY WHAT YOU WON'T.
TO DO WHAT YOU CAN'T.
TO REMOVE THOSE IN YOUR WAY.
THE BOARD MEMBERS.
YOU KILLED THEM.
- WE KILLED THEM. -WE?
REMEMBER YOUR LITTLE ACCIDENT IN THE LABORATORY?
THE PERFORMANCE ENHANCERS.
BINGO. ME.
YOUR GREATEST CREATION.
BRINGING YOU WHAT YOU'VE ALWAYS WANTED.
POWER BEYOND YOUR WILDEST DREAMS.
AND IT'S ONLY THE BEGINNING.
THERE'S ONLY ONE...
WHO CAN STOP US.
OR IMAGINE IF HE JOINED US.
[ Jameson ] SPIDER-MAN AND THE GREEN GOBLIN.
GREEN GOBLIN. YOU LIKE THAT? MADE IT UP MYSELF. MR. JAMESON--
THESE WEIRDOS ALL GOTTA HAVE A NAME NOW. HOFFMAN! MR. JAMESON. SPIDER-MAN--
YEAH?
CALL THE PATENT OFFICE. COPYRIGHT THE NAME "GREEN GOBLIN."
-I WANT A QUARTER EVERY TIME SOMEBODY SAYS IT. -HOW ABOUT "GREEN MEANIE"?
SPIDER-MAN WASN'T ATTACKING THE CITY. HE WAS TRYING TO SAVE IT. THAT'S SLANDER.
IT IS NOT. I RESENT THAT.
SLANDER IS SPOKEN. IN PRINT. IT'S LIBEL.
-YOU DON'T TRUST ANYBODY. THAT'S YOUR PROBLEM. -I TRUST MY BARBER.
WHAT ARE YOU. HIS LAWYER? GET OUTTA HERE.
LET HIM SUE ME. GET RICH LIKE A NORMAL PERSON. THAT'S WHAT MADE THIS COUNTRY--
JAMESON. YOU SLIME!
WHO'S THE PHOTOGRAPHER WHO TAKES THE PICTURES OF SPIDER-MAN?
I DON'T KNOW WHO HE IS. HIS STUFF COMES IN THE MAIL. YOU'RE LYING!
I SWEAR. HE'S THE ONE WHO CAN BRING ME TO HIM.
I DON'T KNOW WHO HE IS. YOU ARE USELESS. YOU--
SET HIM DOWN. TOUGH GUY.
-SPEAK OF THE DEVIL! -SPIDER-MAN! I KNEW YOU TWO WERE IN THIS TOGETHER!
HEY. KIDDO. LET MOM AND DAD TALK FOR A MINUTE. WILL YA?
-SLEEP! -[ Gasping ]
-[ Cackles ] -[ Groans ]
[ Green Goblin ] WAKE UP. LITTLE SPIDER.
WAKE UP.
NO. YOU'RE NOT DEAD... YET.
JUST PARALYZED TEMPORARILY.
[ Groaning ]
YOU'RE AN AMAZING CREATURE. SPIDER-MAN.
YOU AND I ARE NOT SO DIFFERENT.
I'M NOT LIKE YOU.
YOU'RE A MURDERER.
WELL. TO EACH HIS OWN.
I CHOSE MY PATH. YOU CHOSE THE WAY OF THE HERO.
AND THEY FOUND YOU AMUSING FOR A WHILE. THE PEOPLE OF THIS CITY.
BUT THE ONE THING THEY LOVE MORE THAN A HERO...
IS TO SEE A HERO FAIL. FALL. DIE TRYING.
IN SPITE OF EVERYTHING YOU'VE DONE FOR THEM. EVENTUALLY THEY WILL HATE YOU.
-WHY BOTHER? -BECAUSE IT'S RIGHT.
HERE'S THE REAL TRUTH.
THERE ARE EIGHT MILLION PEOPLE IN THIS CITY.
AND THOSE TEEMING MASSES EXIST FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE...
OF LIFTING THE FEW EXCEPTIONAL PEOPLE ONTO THEIR SHOULDERS.
YOU. ME--
WE'RE EXCEPTIONAL.
I COULD SQUASH YOU LIKE A BUG RIGHT NOW.
BUT I'M OFFERING YOU A CHOICE.
JOIN ME.
IMAGINE WHAT WE COULD ACCOMPLISH TOGETHER.
WHAT WE COULD CREATE.
OR WE COULD DESTROY.
CAUSE THE DEATHS OF COUNTLESS INNOCENTS...
IN SELFISH BATTLE AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN. UNTIL WE'RE BOTH DEAD.
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
THINK ABOUT IT. HERO!
[ Green Goblin ] IN SPITE OF EVERYTHING YOU'VE DONE FOR THEM.
EVENTUALLY THEY WILL HATE YOU.
-HEY. IT'S ME AGAIN. -HEY.
HOW WAS YOUR AUDITION? HOW'D YOU KNOW?
THE HOT LINE. YOUR MOM TOLD MY AUNT. TOLD ME.
SO. YOU JUST CAME BY? I WAS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
I NEEDED TO SEE A FRIENDLY FACE.
I TOOK TWO BUSES AND A CAB TO GET IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD. BUT--
SO. HOW'D IT GO? OH.
THEY SAID I NEEDED ACTING LESSONS.
A SOAP OPERA TOLD ME I NEEDED ACTING LESSONS.
WELL. LET ME BUY YOU A CHEESEBURGER. THE SKY'S THE LIMIT.
UP TO $7.84.
I'D LIKE A CHEESEBURGER. OH.
BUT I'M GOING OUT TO DINNER WITH HARRY.
COME WITH US. NO. THANKS.
UH. HOW'S IT GOING WITH. UH--
NEVER MIND. THAT'S NONE OF MY BUSINESS.
IT'S NOT?
WHY SO INTERESTED?
I'M NOT. YOU'RE NOT?
WELL. WHY WOULD I BE? I DON'T KNOW.
WHY WOULD YOU BE?
I-- IT'S-- I DON'T KNOW.
SORRY YOU WON'T COME WITH US.
[ Thunder Rumbling ]
I BETTER RUN. TIGER.
HEY. CHECK IT OUT. MAN.
COME ON.
HEY. WHERE YOU GOING. BABY? COME ON!
[ Man Chuckles ]
-[ Gasps ] -[ Growling ]
-GET OFF ME! -[ Groaning ]
HEY!
WAIT.
YOU HAVE A KNACK FOR GETTING IN TROUBLE.
YOU HAVE A KNACK FOR SAVING MY LIFE.
I THINK I HAVE A SUPERHERO STALKER.
I WAS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
YOU ARE... AMAZING.
SOME PEOPLE DON'T THINK SO.
-BUT YOU ARE. -NICE TO HAVE A FAN.
DO I GET TO SAY THANK YOU THIS TIME?
WAIT.
[ Men Chattering Indistinctly ]
I HAVE TO GET IN THERE! MY BABY'S IN THERE!
I CAN'T LET YOU IN THERE. THE ROOF'S ABOUT TO COLLAPSE.
BUT MY BABY'S IN THERE! I CAN'T LET YOU IN THERE.
THE ROOF'S ABOUT TO COLLAPSE. SOMEBODY SAVE MY BABY!
LOOK! UP THERE!
SAVE MY BABY. PLEASE!
[ Whimpering ]
NO!
IT'S OKAY. YOUR BABY'S FINE.
OH. MY BABY! [ Crying ]
GOD BLESS YOU. SPIDER-MAN. BLESS YOU.
DON'T LET HIM GET AWAY! HOLD IT! HOLD IT RIGHT THERE. YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
-I'M TAKING YOU IN. -OH. MY GOD! THERE'S SOMEBODY STILL UP THERE.
[ Woman Screaming ]
I'M GOING.
I'LL BE HERE WHEN YOU GET BACK.
-I'M NOT COMING BACK. CHIEF. -GO! GO!
WHERE ARE YOU?
[ Screaming ] [ Shouting ] WHERE ARE YOU?
[ Crying ]
I'M GONNA GET YOU OUT OF HERE!
IT'S OKAY!
[ Shrieking ]
YOU'RE PATHETICALLY PREDICTABLE.
LIKE A MOTH TO THE FLAME.
WHAT ABOUT MY GENEROUS PROPOSAL?
ARE YOU IN OR ARE YOU OUT?
IT'S YOU WHO'S OUT. GOBBIE. OUT OF YOUR MIND.
WRONG ANSWER!
OH. GREAT.
[ Shouting ]
[ Screams ]
NO ONE SAYS NO TO ME!
-M.J.. WILL YOU STOP GOOFING AROUND? -HARRY. RELAX.
-HE'S HERE.
- [ Doorbell Buzzing ]
ARE YOU READY? [ Harry ] UH. YEAH.
AH. AUNT MAY. I'M SORRY I'M LATE.
WORK WAS MURDER. I PICKED UP A FRUITCAKE.
WHY. THANK YOU. MR. OSBORN. WE'RE SO GLAD YOU COULD COME.
YOU LOOK GREAT. THANKS.
WHO IS THIS LOVELY YOUNG LADY? UM--
M.J.. I'D LIKE YOU TO MEET MY FATHER. NORMAN OSBORN. DAD. THIS IS MARY JANE WATSON.
HI. HOW DO YOU DO? I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO MEETING YOU.
-HAPPY THANKSGIVING. SIR. -NOW. WHERE IS PETER?
HE BETTER HAVE REMEMBERED THAT CRANBERRY SAUCE.
OH. THAT'S WEIRD. I DIDN'T KNOW HE WAS HERE.
PETER?
IS THAT YOU?
[ Harry ] PETE?
HOW STRANGE. THERE'S NOBODY HERE.
BIT OF A SLOB. ISN'T HE?
ALL BRILLIANT MEN ARE.
HMM?
-HEY. EVERYONE. -OH. PETER.
PARKER. SORRY I'M LATE. IT'S A JUNGLE OUT THERE.
I HAD TO BEAT AN OLD LADY WITH A STICK TO GET THESE CRANBERRIES.
OH. PETER. THANK YOU.
NOW THEN. EVERYBODY SIT DOWN AND WE CAN SAY GRACE.
HELLO. PARKER.
[ Aunt May ] HERE WE GO.
THERE WE ARE. [ Mary Jane ] IT LOOKS DELICIOUS.
NORMAN!
WILL YOU DO THE HONORS?
WHY. PETER. YOU'RE BLEEDING.
OH. UH. UH. YEAH.
I-I STEPPED OFF A CURB AND...
GOT CLIPPED BY ONE OF THOSE BIKE MESSENGERS.
OH. LET ME SEE. OH. MY GOODNESS.
OH. THAT LOOKS AWFUL. IT'S NOTHING.
I'LL GET THE FIRST AID KIT. THEN WE'LL SAY GRACE.
THIS IS THE BOYS' FIRST THANKSGIVING IN THIS APARTMENT...
AND WE ARE GOING TO DO THINGS PROPERLY.
HOW DID YOU SAY THAT HAPPENED?
BIKE MESSENGER... KNOCKED ME DOWN.
- [ Utensils Clatter On Table ] -UH. IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME. I'VE GOT TO BE GOING.
-WHY? -SOMETHING HAS COME TO MY ATTENTION.
- [ Harry ] ARE YOU ALL RIGHT? - I'M FINE. JUST FINE.
THANK YOU. MRS. PARKER. EVERYONE.
ENJOY THE FRUITCAKE. DAD.
DAD. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I PLANNED THIS WHOLE THING SO YOU CAN MEET M.J.. AND NOW YOU HAVE TO LEAVE?
I GOTTA GO. DAD. THIS GIRL IS IMPORTANT TO ME.
HARRY. PLEASE. LOOK AT HER.
YOU THINK A WOMAN LIKE THAT'S SNIFFING AROUND
BECAUSE SHE LIKES YOUR PERSONALITY?
[ Harry ] WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
YOUR MOTHER WAS BEAUTIFUL TOO. THEY'RE ALL BEAUTIFUL.
UNTIL THEY'RE SNARLING AFTER YOUR TRUST FUND LIKE A PACK OF RAVENING WOLVES.
-YOU'RE WRONG ABOUT HER. DAD. -A WORD TO THE NOT-SO-WISE ABOUT YOUR LITTLE GIRLFRIEND.
DO WHAT YOU NEED TO WITH HER. THEN BROOM HER FAST.
THANKS FOR STICKING UP FOR ME. HARRY.
-YOU HEARD? -EVERYONE HEARD THAT CREEP.
THAT CREEP IS MY FATHER. IF I'M LUCKY I'LL BECOME HALF OF WHAT HE IS.
SO JUST KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT ABOUT STUFF YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!
-HARRY OSBORN! -I'M SORRY. AUNT MAY.
SPIDER-MAN IS ALL BUT INVINCIBLE.
BUT PARKER. WE CAN DESTROY HIM.
-I CAN'T. -THE TRAIL MUST NOT BE COUNTENANCED!
PARKER MUST BE EDUCATED.
WHAT DO I DO?
INSTRUCT HIM IN THE MATTERS OF LOSS AND PAIN.
MAKE HIM SUFFER. MAKE HIM WISH HE WERE DEAD.
-YES? -AND THEN GRANT HIS WISH.
BUT HOW?
THE CUNNING WARRIOR ATTACKS NEITHER BODY NOR MIND.
-TELL ME HOW! -THE HEART. OSBORN.
FIRST. WE ATTACK HIS HEART.
[ Aunt May ] GIVE US THIS DAY OUR DAILY BREAD...
AND FORGIVE US OUR TRESPASSES AS WE FORGIVE THOSE WHO TRESPASS AGAINST US.
LEAD US NOT INTO TEMPTATION. BUT DELIVER US-- [ Screams ]
[ Cackling ] [ Screaming ]
DELIVER US--
FINISH IT. FINISH IT!
FROM EVIL. [ Cackling Continues ]
[ Aunt May Moaning ]
GET THE B.P.!
AUNT MAY-- IS SHE GONNA BE OKAY? WHAT HAPPENED?
YEAH. SHE'S GONNA BE OKAY. WHAT HAPPENED?
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO LEAVE RIGHT NOW. THOSE EYES!
THOSE HORRIBLE YELLOW EYES! [ Gasping ]
[ Sobbing ]
HE KNOWS WHO I AM.
I'M SORRY.
[ Mary Jane ] WILL SHE BE OKAY? [ Peter ] SHE'S GONNA BE FINE.
SHE'S BEEN SLEEPING ALL DAY.
THANKS FOR COMING. OF COURSE.
HOW ARE YOU? I MEAN. ARE YOU OKAY ABOUT THE OTHER NIGHT?
YEAH. I'M FINE. I-- I JUST FELT BAD ABOUT LEAVING AUNT MAY.
HAVE YOU TALKED TO HARRY? HE CALLED ME.
I HAVEN'T CALLED HIM BACK.
THE FACT IS.
I'M IN LOVE WITH SOMEBODY ELSE.
YOU ARE? AT LEAST I THINK I AM.
-IT'S NOT THE RIGHT TIME TO TALK ABOUT IT. -NO. NO. GO ON.
WOULD I KNOW HIS NAME. THIS GUY?
YOU'LL THINK I'M A STUPID LITTLE GIRL WITH A CRUSH. TRUST ME.
IT'S FUNNY.
HE SAVED MY LIFE TWICE AND I'VE NEVER EVEN SEEN HIS FACE.
OH. HIM. YOU'RE LAUGHING AT ME.
NO. NO. I UNDERSTAND. HE IS EXTREMELY COOL.
BUT DO YOU THINK IT'S TRUE. ALL THE TERRIBLE THINGS THEY SAY ABOUT HIM?
NO. NO. NOT SPIDER-MAN. NOT A CHANCE IN THE WORLD.
I KNOW HIM A LITTLE BIT.
I'M SORT OF HIS UNOFFICIAL PHOTOGRAPHER.
HAS HE MENTIONED ME? YEAH.
WHAT'D HE SAY? UH. I SAID--
HE-HE-HE ASKED ME... WHAT I THOUGHT ABOUT YOU.
AND WHAT DID YOU SAY?
I SAID. UM. "SPIDER-MAN--"
I SAID. UH.
"THE GREAT THING
"WHEN YOU LOOK IN HER EYES...
"AND SHE'S LOOKING BACK IN YOURS.
"EVERYTHING FEELS...
"NOT QUITE NORMAL...
"BECAUSE YOU FEEL...
"STRONGER...
"AND WEAKER AT THE SAME TIME.
"YOU FEEL EXCITED...
"AND AT THE SAME TIME TERRIFIED.
"THE TRUTH IS YOU--
"YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU FEEL.
"EXCEPT YOU KNOW WHAT KIND OF MAN YOU WANNA BE.
"IT'S AS IF YOU'VE...
"REACHED THE UNREACHABLE...
AND YOU WEREN'T READY FOR IT."
YOU SAID THAT?
WELL. SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
HEY.
[ Cackling ]
DAD?
DAD. IS THAT YOU?
WHAT IS IT?
WELL. YOU WERE RIGHT ABOUT M.J. YOU'RE RIGHT ABOUT EVERYTHING.
-SHE'S IN LOVE WITH PETER. -PARKER.
-YEAH. -AND HOW DOES HE FEEL ABOUT HER?
WELL. HE'S LOVED HER SINCE THE FOURTH GRADE.
HE PRETENDS LIKE HE DOESN'T. BUT...
THERE'S NO ONE PETER CARES FOR MORE.
OH... I'M SO SORRY.
I HAVEN'T ALWAYS BEEN THERE FOR YOU. HAVE I?
YOU'RE BUSY. YOU'RE AN IMPORTANT MAN. I UNDERSTAND.
THAT'S NO EXCUSE.
I'M PROUD OF YOU.
AND I'VE LOST SIGHT OF THAT SOMEWHERE. BUT I'M GONNA MAKE IT UP TO YOU. HARRY.
I'M GOING TO RECTIFY CERTAIN INEQUITIES.
[ Roaring ] [ Norman ] WAKE UP. LITTLE SPIDER.
WAKE UP. [ Chuckles ] GO HOME. DEAR.
YOU LOOK AWFUL.
AND YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL. WELL. THANK YOU.
I DON'T LIKE TO LEAVE YOU HERE. BUT I'M SAFE HERE.
CAN I DO ANYTHING FOR YOU? YOU DO TOO MUCH.
COLLEGE. A JOB. ALL THIS TIME WITH ME-- YOU'RE NOT SUPERMAN. YOU KNOW.
A SMILE. FINALLY.
I HAVEN'T SEEN ONE OF THOSE ON YOUR FACE SINCE MARY JANE WAS HERE.
HEY. YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE ASLEEP. [ Chuckling ]
YOU KNOW. YOU WERE ABOUT SIX YEARS OLD WHEN M.J.'S FAMILY MOVED IN NEXT DOOR.
AND WHEN SHE GOT OUT OF THE CAR AND YOU SAW HER FOR THE FIRST TIME.
YOU GRABBED ME AND SAID. "AUNT MAY?
AUNT MAY. IS THAT AN ANGEL?"
GEE. DID I SAY THAT? YOU SURE DID.
WELL. HARRY'S IN LOVE WITH HER.
SHE'S STILL HIS GIRL.
WELL. ISN'T THAT UP TO HER?
SHE DOESN'T REALLY KNOW WHO I AM.
BECAUSE YOU WON'T LET HER. YOU'RE SO MYSTERIOUS ALL THE TIME.
TELL ME. WOULD IT BE SO DANGEROUS...
TO LET MARY JANE KNOW HOW MUCH YOU CARE?
EVERYBODY ELSE KNOWS.
-I'LL BE RIGHT BACK. -BUT--
[ Line Ringing ]
COME ON. PICK UP. [ Mary Jane On Machine ] HI. IT'S ME.
HEY. M.J.-- SING YOUR SONG AT THE BEEP.
[ Machine Beeps ] M.J.. IT'S PETER. YOU THERE?
HELLO? YOU THERE?
WELL. I-I'M JUST CALLING TO CHECK UP ON YOU. WILL YOU CALL ME WHEN YOU GET IN. OKAY?
ALL RIGHT. WELL. DON'T--
DON'T GO UP ANY DARK ALLEYS. [ Phone Picks Up ]
HELLO? [ Green Goblin Cackling ]
CAN SPIDER-MAN COME OUT TO PLAY?
WHERE IS SHE?
[ Moans ]
[ Gasping ]
[ People Screaming. Chattering ] [ Cackling ]
[ Roars ]
THAT'S COOL!
♪ THE ITSY-BITSY SPIDER WENT UP THE WATER SPOUT ♪
♪ DOWN CAME THE GOBLIN AND TOOK THE SPIDER OUT ♪♪ [ Cackling ]
[ Softly ] GOBLIN. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
[ All Screaming ]
[ Cackling ]
[ Straining ]
SPIDER-MAN! THIS IS WHY ONLY FOOLS ARE HEROES.
BECAUSE YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN SOME LUNATIC WILL COME ALONG...
WITH A SADISTIC CHOICE. [ Screams ]
LET DIE THE WOMAN YOU LOVE. [ Screams ]
OR...
SUFFER THE LITTLE CHILDREN.
[ All Screaming ] [ Boy ] SPIDER-MAN. SAVE US!
SAVE US!
MAKE YOUR CHOICE. SPIDER-MAN.
AND SEE HOW A HERO IS REWARDED.
DON'T DO IT. GOBLIN!
WE ARE WHO WE CHOOSE TO BE.
-NOW CHOOSE! -[ Spider-Man ] NO!
[ Screaming ]
[ Man ] EVERYBODY STAY STILL!
[ Growls ]
AHOY UP THERE! WE'RE GONNA BRING THE BARGE RIGHT UNDER YOU!
[ Screams ]
[ Cackling ]
HE'S COMING BACK! LISTEN!
I NEED YOU TO CLIMB DOWN. I CAN'T.
YES. YOU CAN.
M.J.. YOU CAN DO IT. YOU HAVE TO.
TRUST ME.
HOLD ON TIGHT.
AND GO QUICKLY. [ Grunts ]
[ Cackling ] HURRY!
-I CAN'T-- I CAN'T DO IT! -HANG ON. MARY JANE!
[ Screaming ]
HE'S NOT GONNA MAKE IT! HE'S GONNA MAKE IT!
[ Grunting ]
IT'S TIME TO DIE.
[ Man ] COME ON UP HERE. TOUGH GUY. I GOT A LITTLE SOMETHING FOR YOU.
LEAVE SPIDER-MAN ALONE! YOU'RE GONNA PICK ON A GUY TRYING TO SAVE A BUNCH OF KIDS?
I GOT SOMETHING FOR YOUR ASS! YOU MESS WITH SPIDEY. YOU MESSIN' WITH NEW YORK!
YOU MESS WITH ONE OF US. YOU MESS WITH ALL OF US.
YEAH!
SPIDER-MAN. WATCH OUT!
[ Groaning ]
[ Screaming ]
MISERY. MISERY. MISERY-- THAT'S WHAT YOU'VE CHOSEN.
I OFFERED YOU FRIENDSHIP.
AND YOU SPAT IN MY FACE.
YOU'VE SPUN YOUR LAST WEB. SPIDER-MAN.
HAD YOU NOT BEEN SO SELFISH. YOUR LITTLE GIRLFRIEND'S DEATH...
WOULD HAVE BEEN QUICK AND PAINLESS.
BUT NOW THAT YOU'VE REALLY PISSED ME OFF.
I'M GONNA FINISH HER...
NICE AND SLOW.
M.J. AND I.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE A HELL OF A TIME.
[ Screaming ]
PETER. STOP. STOP.
IT'S ME.
MR. OSBORN.
PETER. THANK GOD FOR YOU.
YOU KILLED THOSE PEOPLE ON THAT BALCONY.
THE GOBLIN KILLED. I HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH IT. DON'T LET HIM TAKE ME AGAIN.
I BEG YOU. PROTECT ME.
YOU TRIED TO KILL AUNT MAY.
YOU TRIED TO KILL MARY JANE. BUT NOT YOU.
I TRIED TO STOP IT.
BUT I COULDN'T STOP IT.
I WOULD NEVER HURT YOU. I KNEW FROM THE BEGINNING.
IF ANYTHING EVER HAPPENED TO ME.
IT WAS YOU THAT I COULD COUNT ON.
YOU. PETER PARKER. WOULD SAVE ME. AND SO YOU HAVE.
THANK GOD FOR YOU.
GIVE ME YOUR HAND.
BELIEVE IN ME AS I BELIEVED IN YOU.
I'VE BEEN LIKE A FATHER TO YOU.
BE A SON TO ME NOW.
I HAVE A FATHER.
HIS NAME WAS BEN PARKER.
GODSPEED. SPIDER-MAN.
OH. [ Groaning ]
PETER?
DON'T TELL HARRY.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
[ Shouting ] WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
HEY.
I'M SO SORRY. HARRY.
I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO LOSE A FATHER.
I DIDN'T LOSE HIM. HE WAS STOLEN FROM ME.
ONE DAY SPIDER-MAN WILL PAY.
I SWEAR ON MY FATHER'S GRAVE. SPIDER-MAN WILL PAY.
THANK GOD FOR YOU. PETER.
YOU'RE THE ONLY FAMILY I HAVE.
[ Peter Narrating ] NO MATTER WHAT I DO.
NO MATTER HOW HARD I TRY.
THE ONES I LOVE WILL ALWAYS BE THE ONES WHO PAY.
YOU MUST MISS HIM SO MUCH.
IT'S BEEN SO HARD WITHOUT HIM.
THERE'S SOMETHING I'VE BEEN WANTING TO TELL YOU.
WHEN I WAS UP THERE.
AND I THOUGHT I WAS GONNA DIE.
THERE WAS ONLY ONE PERSON WHO I WAS THINKING OF.
AND IT WASN'T WHO I THOUGHT IT'D BE.
IT WAS YOU. PETE.
I KEPT THINKING.
I HOPE I MAKE IT THROUGH THIS...
SO I COULD SEE PETER PARKER'S FACE ONE MORE TIME.
REALLY?
THERE'S ONLY ONE MAN...
WHO'S ALWAYS BEEN THERE FOR ME.
WHO MAKES ME FEEL...
LIKE I'M MORE THAN I EVER THOUGHT I COULD BE.
THAT I'M JUST... ME.
AND THAT'S OKAY.
THE TRUTH IS...
I LOVE YOU.
SI LOVE YOU SO MUCH. PETER.
[ Peter Narrating ] ALL I WANTED WAS TO TELL HER HOW MUCH I LOVED HER.
I CAN'T.
YOU CAN'T WHAT?
TELL YOU... EVERYTHING.
I MEAN. THERE'S SO MUCH TO TELL.
YEAH. THERE'S SO MUCH TO TELL.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW...
THAT I WILL ALWAYS BE THERE FOR YOU.
I WILL ALWAYS BE THERE TO TAKE CARE OF YOU.
I PROMISE YOU THAT.
I WILL ALWAYS BE YOUR FRIEND.
ONLY A FRIEND.
PETER PARKER?
THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO GIVE.
[ Peter Narrating ] WHATEVER LIFE HOLDS IN STORE FOR ME.
I WILL NEVER FORGET THESE WORDS--
"WITH GREAT POWER COMES GREAT RESPONSIBILITY."
THIS IS MY GIFT--
MY CURSE.
WHO AM I?
I'M SPIDER-MAN.
[ Man ] ♪ I AM SO HIGH ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR HEAVEN ♪
♪ I AM SO HIGH ♪
♪ WHOA. BUT HEAVEN ♪
♪ NO. HEAVEN DON'T HEAR ME ♪
♪ AND THEY SAY THAT A HERO COULD SAVE US ♪
♪ I'M NOT GONNA STAND HERE AND WAIT ♪
♪ I'LL HOLD ONTO THE WINGS OF THE EAGLES ♪
♪ WATCH AS WE ALL FLY AWAY ♪
♪ SOMEONE TOLD ME ♪
♪ LOVE WOULD ALL SAVE US ♪
♪ BUT HOW CAN THAT BE ♪
♪ LOOK WHAT LOVE GAVE US ♪
♪ A WORLD FULL OF KILLING ♪
♪ AND BLOOD SPILLING ♪
♪ THAT WORLD NEVER CAME ♪
♪ AND THEY SAY THAT A HERO COULD SAVE US ♪
♪ I'M NOT GONNA STAND HERE AND WAIT ♪
♪ I'LL HOLD ONTO THE WINGS OF THE EAGLES ♪
♪ WATCH AS WE ALL FLY AWAY ♪
♪♪ [ Vocalizing ]
♪ AND THEY SAY THAT A HERO COULD SAVE US ♪
♪ I'M NOT GONNA STAND HERE AND WAIT ♪
♪ I'LL HOLD ONTO THE WINGS OF THE EAGLES ♪
♪ WATCH AS WE ALL FLY AWAY ♪
♪ AND THEY'RE WATCHING US ♪ ♪ WATCHING US ♪
♪ THEY'RE WATCHING US ♪ ♪ WATCHING US ♪
♪ AS WE ALL FLY AWAY ♪
♪ WHOA. WHOA ♪♪
♪ NEVERTHELESS AM I DRESSED FOR THE OCCASION ♪
♪ IT'S NUMBER 32 NOW HERE'S THE SITUATION ♪
♪ IF THE BEAT MOVES YOUR FEET THEN DON'T CHANGE THE STATION ♪
♪ PACK YOUR BAGS 'CAUSE YOU'RE LEAVIN' ON A PERMANENT VACATION ♪
♪ WELL. I'M A DISASTER A MICROPHONE MASTER ♪
♪ PUT ON THE TAPE AND ROCK YOUR GHETTO BLASTER ♪
♪ IT'S NOT ABOUT THE MONEY AT HOTELS AND RESORTS ♪
♪ IT'S ABOUT SWEATIN' ON THE-- IN THE BIKER SHORTS ♪
♪ NOW I'M BIG BROWN SAL AND IF YOU SEE ME RUNNIN' LATE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE I'M ALWAYS MAKIN' TIME TO MAKE THE GIRLIE FEEL GREAT ♪
♪ AND I'M BIZZY D. FROM WAY DOWNTOWN ♪
♪ I KNOW HOW TO ROCK THE MIKE LIKE THE KING AND HIS CROWN ♪
♪ WHEN I'M ON TOP I'M GONNA BALL BACK BOOTY ♪
♪ HUSTLIN' DEALS LIKE MICKEY MANCOOTIE ♪
♪ WHEN I WAKE UP I LIKE A PAN OF BACON ♪
♪ START OFF THE DAY WITH MY ARTERIES SHAKIN' ♪
♪ ROCK IT'S WHAT WE'RE ALL ABOUT ♪
♪ IT'S WHAT WE LIVE FOR COME ON. SHOUT IT OUT ♪
♪ IT'S WHAT WE LIVE FOR COME ON. SHOUT IT OUT ♪♪
♪ SPIDER-MAN SPIDER-MAN ♪
♪ DOES WHATEVER A SPIDER CAN ♪
♪ SPINS A WEB ANY SIZE ♪
♪ CATCHES THIEVES JUST LIKE FLIES ♪
♪ LOOK OUT HERE COMES THE SPIDER-MAN ♪
♪ IS HE STRONG LISTEN. BUD ♪
♪ HE'S GOT RADIOACTIVE BLOOD ♪
♪ CAN HE SWING FROM A THREAD ♪
♪ TAKE A LOOK OVERHEAD ♪
♪ HEY THERE THERE GOES THE SPIDER-MAN ♪
♪ IN THE CHILL OF NIGHT ♪
♪ AT THE SCENE OF A CRIME ♪
♪ LIKE A STREAK OF LIGHT ♪
♪ HE ARRIVES JUST IN TIME ♪
♪ SPIDER-MAN SPIDER-MAN ♪
♪ FRIENDLY NEIGHBORHOOD SPIDER-MAN ♪
♪ WEALTH AND FAME HE'S IGNORED ♪
♪ ACTION IS HIS REWARD ♪
♪ TO HIM LIFE IS A GREAT BIG BANG-UP ♪
♪ WHEREVER THERE'S A HANG-UP ♪
♪ YOU'LL FIND THE SPIDER-MAN ♪♪